README.md, before:

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/Streampunk/node-red-contrib-dynamorse-rtp-io.svg?style=shield&circle-token=:circle-token)](https://circleci.com/gh/Streampunk/node-red-contrib-dynamorse-rtp-io)
# node-red-contrib-dynamorse-rtp-io

A set of nodes for IBM's [Node-RED](http://nodered.org) that support network input/output over RTP. This package is a component of Streampunk Media's [dynamorse](https://github.com/Streampunk/node-red-contrib-dynamorse-core#readme) suite.

## Installation

First follow the installation instructions for [dynamorse-core](https://github.com/Streampunk/node-red-contrib-dynamorse-core#readme).

This package can be installed from the 'manage palette' option in the Node-RED menu. Alternatively in your Node-RED user directory, typically ~/.node-red, run

    npm install node-red-contrib-dynamorse-rtp-io

## Status, support and further development

Contributions can be made via pull requests and will be considered by the author on their merits. Enhancement requests and bug reports should be raised as github issues. For support, please contact [Streampunk Media](http://www.streampunk.media/).

## License

This software is released under the Apache 2.0 license. Copyright 2017 Streampunk Media Ltd.

Commit message:

Moved SDP processing to core and raw file IO to file-io.

README.md, after:

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/Streampunk/node-red-contrib-dynamorse-rtp-io.svg?style=shield&circle-token=:circle-token)](https://circleci.com/gh/Streampunk/node-red-contrib-dynamorse-rtp-io)
# node-red-contrib-dynamorse-rtp-io

A set of nodes for IBM's [Node-RED](http://nodered.org) that support network input/output over [RTP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real-time_Transport_Protocol) and the processing of [MPEG transport streams](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MPEG_transport_stream). This package is a component of Streampunk Media's [dynamorse](https://github.com/Streampunk/node-red-contrib-dynamorse-core#readme) suite.

## Installation

First follow the installation instructions for [dynamorse-core](https://github.com/Streampunk/node-red-contrib-dynamorse-core#readme).

This package can be installed from the 'manage palette' option in the Node-RED menu. Alternatively in your Node-RED user directory, typically ~/.node-red, run

    npm install node-red-contrib-dynamorse-rtp-io

## Status, support and further development

Contributions can be made via pull requests and will be considered by the author on their merits. Enhancement requests and bug reports should be raised as github issues. For support, please contact [Streampunk Media](http://www.streampunk.media/).

## License

This software is released under the Apache 2.0 license. Copyright 2017 Streampunk Media Ltd.
